# DAtlasio
    Human civilization has so far experienced the steam engine revolution, the electric power revolution, and the Internet information revolution. It is about to usher in the fourth great civilization process that takes artificial intelligence as the core productive force + blockchain-based production relationship.  
    The DAtlas project was built by the world's top artificial intelligence scientists and blockchain experts such as Tsinghua University, University of London, and MIT. The Algorand consensus algorithm is used as the underlying architecture. The program-free visualization AI smart contract is a new generation of low-level protocol layers. chain. 
    The current public chain, represented by EOS, faces an impossible triangle problem and cannot simultaneously be decentralized, efficient, and secure. As well as the recent DAGs with higher voices, there are insurmountable major technical flaws. DAtlas uses the entire new generation of Algorand consensus algorithm, which is taught by MIT University. The Turing Award winner Sivio Micali was published in 2017 and has made a sensation in the academic world. Algorand's unique cryptographic drawing technology has systematically optimized POW, POS, PBFT and other consensus mechanisms. Fundamentally solve the fatal pain points of the current public chain to increase the throughput rate by sacrificing decentralization, achieving low energy consumption, high efficiency, democratization, inseparability, and strong scalability.   
    The current classical smart contract is far from the level of commercial applications. DAtlas creatively combined artificial intelligence with natural language processing, precision recommendation technology, and graphics module development to create a free programmatic visual AI smart contract. From complete business logic to an executable AI smart contract, no professional program development knowledge is required. Enterprise-level application AI smart contracts and DAPPs can be built based on the DAtlas visual development engine drag-and-drop module.    
    DAtlas provides powerful infrastructure and visual AI smart contracts for the upcoming hundreds of millions of business applications around the world. 
